[Music]
just check the tough new sanctions if
you have that a pretty great please stay
clear slow in any of those becoming
issue I feel around this damage
maximizing expect about meet the world
of all Samoa the debate that presents
the best government so closed captioning
to mm but getting the most recent
attractive our mana or domestic known
well if the request was the request
trying to the PRC technolon just risen
by doesn't make it smaller just so we
can ignore we need to generate
information table conversational
premisis ever gets close to make
yourself prefer my role the valiant
suppose we Jenna formal thanks people
something pressing old people hull CPU
the problem will talk for specific in
technical solution CC the local itself
you're moving through military action et
Dodson seals were the only way here we
can propose policy in a future in
exchange a new role plays public ever
after shot after the in political
alienation which critical to check
oppression missiles an awesome by
encouraging spirit exciting cousin to
help students discover neighbor team
2.70 rifle pump burgers call sheekha at
the Tesco he went to join critical
method really spend ago will do my
opening skirt space for SUNY that's why
I can some like I've seen related about
argument try to keep super students I
hate summer - miss an identity advantage
no one is dead student to Hamza my
deserves minority from Medical School
which teams format us low-income
families they lose access to health care
jammer field for 27
the hilum Brenda wood metal Cigna pcrc
to be there no reason minority
caregivers are low-income cabanas free
to whether you help your disability 50%
of black high school so he said there's
already to be a middle school but don't
seek was every president actually apply
purse many schools offer 724 purposes
they want to go to the school only need
six 20% apply position grown
strawberries are carefully for my
personal needs I'm non-english speaking
to you as copies or does needs health
care professional shortage areas
all over - neither can much related to
the high drain field that has the higher
income Buddha let students may have
reward is what kooky lack of access
decisions ruin the effects low-income
pages an advantage to his death Trump's
through opioid accleration will pass in
days but doesn't know I did have an
impact of plans keep you safe six
hundred and fifty thousand lights clip
to fit Trump statement took our national
emergency OPN everyday won't be enough
there have 2,000 people died over your
to 600,000 people die over the next in
your Crescent 300 million is all going
from one more week so it could be
attributable back light acts of war
because I really not just declaration
can help those gleeful for you without
my legislative effort every week
repentance is anything in Virginia whose
attention to it within kids not Jacob
action so far and doctor shortages are
the strongest internal link that's key
to stop the opioid crisis green some 28d
abuse will you sped through the traffic
you work 40 no first of Appeals I'd let
you try to be more human up to the realm
of therapist comes with us personally
public 18000 free to view primary care
pride in Jefferson County and one person
a chamber and loop it over this time my
deficit Kizuna Indiana bats a wrinkle in
the national average and every bit help
reverse so everyone does people would
suppose would be from this original
worsening as a nation probably
generation of healthier projects within
those are those stuffing needed them
both so bill would add an annotation
credit Dyneema classic the National
Service Corps where before on
subcommittees living because he needs an
addiction treatment services become
worse night repair involves being
competitive for the recommend effects
the bell with up a levy a workforce or
decision the plan attacks the United
States federal government should make
two years of national health service
compulsory for medical students to
clarify students we be paid a stipend
equivalent to the cost of medical school
and additional pain the plan solves a
boost economy prevents health care cost
bikes Johnson III it is time to Corbin
national serve in the critical to key
position revered physical to there's
such an environment so influences the
pursuit of pre-war plenaries of us when
he gets in over 60 national service
courses somebody to start to use and
their whole servers are there in debates
level and ring up a little bit agree the
PC of seven-league both of them to
another person week socials chamber go
for only two years national services
they cost up they're paying a national
servers will only come from 1.0 the
Chilean healthcare within the next three
years the savings in discouraging a
mysterious force laser and combined with
no cochlear dollar save well I'm more
than officer this cost my system in the
plan solves eight addiction
our highly effective Lopez August first
increase next alternate specifically
with the Medicaid necessitate an
assisted treatment medicine values from
debris to the OPI cravings learner could
apparently see mother uses medicated
subsidy one turn up they beat his
teacher the whether someone's using much
everywhere he's happy new school alcohol
trailer with you from the judgment views
who transforms into addiction when who
used Riggins hurting someone sponsored
by for example floating in death medic
into a medication assisted treatment 0
safer habit to methadone can eliminate
news omens cravings rubber boots even
death each one have to use a jerk for
the rest your life and medical students
are highly equipped a new curriculum
blue focuses on opioid treatment Chris
Berger 74 medicine of sign into a
miniseries with all the names to Tulsa
and the Corby CDC Gardens of the
curricular students in the course an
addiction medic in the medina mixed in
the colored nail article opioid sent on
the screen pays for a subspecies apply
their knowledge and primary care setting
there cheering patient's British weapons
newbies rates of colon is you get to
keep my pain management addition of his
medication CDC's new voluntary
guidelines for opioid prescribing
student-student kubernetes name is
Amanda turns on the tables directly to
global for your tan overdoses ravaging
the US workforce study economies low
seltzer so I'm 19 Starbucks is having
told police radio signal change the
homeland players trying to find transit
other problems y4y a Milanese 50 cals
works felonious is no high rates could
attract the opioid epidemic is
contributing to labor shortage for my
you let me give you the meal husband
okay through another the Union I'm
working near looking for where there's
no profit in millions although user
population our mommies contribute is
tricky to board first a new filler
growth even over 22 million recess from
CVS rigid observing a penny relievers
the opioid epidemic is wreaking havoc
doing with our main you although those
are prime means we're committed to me my
employees for their own employees and
know our heuristic means we learned
about the street without being a won't
include dominate norms and his either
their movement working so naughty 14
resistance of governance Rhonda the
context were live within government
inhalation foreign company in charge of
the coverage with a doors spoken please
cover is your signature before 3200 1481
I stations in fostering a pessimistic
activism and who reps focus distraction
from material viola Stern's
have circle Trinity is any of ancient
replicas work miss to watch hail 96
Thursday teachers that I've known to
discourse immersing into political
structures are crucial explain election
should be the arresting of the reefs
properties but really so much new
discursive routinized rights become
significant aspect of politics who turns
inwards never spills over at the expense
of external
scrimshaw 12 the effective turn the plus
is beyond order thinking about
imaginable student very possibly break
it up like a mobile interface illegal
self-run divisive isn't significant
obscure than a big apply for finger to
communicate vessel marks it is certain
exhaustion with recognize channels
addresses the protis awesome to worn-out
it disempower me I'll have a lessons and
displace we have combating a half of the
industry but that's Kara Thrace we think
the scores on you they will delay
engagement ready yep okay so how does
your a scrimshaw evidence it's a bootleg
work within the upper rib it just says
reps no kisses Jack that's just like the
claim for it you owe me go through the
words those terms wrong one yeah okay
so a couple of arguments the first one
in that it lisa passive because it
trades off with material action so the
example is like when we're constantly
critiquing advocacy's we can never
really do anything because we're only
critiquing right so the the argument is
simply that we should allow for a
pragmatic politically arena to be able
to in that change unlike social studies
the case would outweigh any
representational argument all right
and then specifically with your evidence
your cliff six by evidence of it why is
it like a credible evidence that is that
keep Rubin here and see if it's like
from Vox which is like an opinion poll
well once a second let me get there what
where is this in again cliff six five
and your advantage to do that Nancy well
it's just like a fact matter so Trump's
declaration so Trump said a while ago
that we're gonna like spend all this
funding to stop the opioid crisis but
that never happened the cliff evidence
just indicates that happened and that
was not enough so the affirmative in
dnews I think the fact that is from like
an opinion poll doesn't matter because
it's a senior editor specializing in
health care degree all right and with
the plan and you talk about like
additional pay like what is the on
additional pay they like a second party
so like one people wouldn't recommend
people make against the first advantage
is like african-american and like people
in like minorities don't go to medical
school because it's so expensive the
plan would give them a stipend in a wage
do you have any sort of like are like
metric of like what that stipend would
be or like how they're like input my
mean if I don't I have like I'm not a
policy maker right but I'm saying like
this advocacy is good I'm sure if you'd
like
read through like the thousands of pages
the solvency how they can provide you'll
find something
but I'm just assuming it just depends on
social circumstance and location okay
and then with your like Chris Berg
evidence you talked about how like how
medical students are highly equipped
however I'm like you're talking about
like how this like decreases like
people's adjective is to healthcare and
the status quo like how is that solved
if we have more doctors that don't solve
like more medicine problems right yeah
so the solvency for the debt is not
predicated on Chris Berg rather it's
when people have a mind like a leader in
the healthcare they're more inclined to
go to medical school because like they
have more interaction with like health
care another like solvency is like the
plants often see where people are paid
and so there's no problems like medical
costs all right little school cost and
it's like your standard is maximizing
expected well-being however like you
focus like I'm gonna contention level
like on like the economy how does that
like paint like contribute to like their
well-being like individuals
I'm confused like the economy is good
because it's good for standard of living
tell me about that warrant you want and
then I was physically on the under view
of the 9014 like when the Warren of the
court is exciting that you're like
working within government rationalities
like how do you say like you're not like
specifically within the state no I'm
saying that we are the state but we're
not defending yet like yep so you can
restate bad arguments against the app I
would say the affirmative is a stance of
pessimistic activism for its the state
because we start hating how it like
dooms low-income communities to never go
to medical school and start proposing a
policy option actions to fix that
I just say we might have to go fill my
water ball
I have 150
1:59 no yeah I send it already
what's order it'll be one off penguin
see okay and on the easy one we'll start
on the under view and I titled it octo
stops everybody ready almonds different
I know but it's like this right document
right yeah you were either with us or
against us the nation exploits fear by
forcing couple straight love and
patriotism Vermont's pageant do an
impression of coherence be a national
service our refusal to abide by the
required coherence of national pride
mobilizes detention an aspect really
reaction in the nation's fear fear of
deviancy bias that deviate from this
coherence exercise acts of terror
against the state chair that creates
anxiety for privileged bodies here which
justifies retaliation Ahmed one and then
active self-determination C to Olivia
this was afeared fees from the world no
place with the mobility of somebody
becomes Asadi freedom and civilization
we need to think without it's made of
pure brings people together after your
slides new anxiety which is repeated in
film due to a fetish object whereby
individuals align so the nation is being
under attack your privilege as patriotic
declarations of love to be bolus to the
offensive tear through the white streets
of American place which gives the
impression of coherence historically
signified territorial composters both
love for the nation which displaces the
witness and foreign is they vote fell
appealing with Americans room had been
attacked under the turning away from
fear involves turning home good even the
understood as compulsory fear me my love
is identification with the nation's some
love them the National that legitimates
response to tears protection of the left
other who may be with me by chance into
being like me and bodies are divided by
feelings and moods moods which prescribe
attack
task a backpack evaluation or starting
interaction these metro line attunement
to calculate the condition of our
openness to proceed what we encounter
but unit becomes a form of effective
labor as an attempt to preserve expected
happiness for bodies to coordinate with
others near at bodies that aren't in
tune to the others around it registers
troublesome in a loss of possibility we
are deemed responsible to maintain
degrees of labor in the public mood
attended as a matter of precedence for
having citizen the nation an exile
certain bodies away inadequately
to the public would patriotism or to
their allegiance to the security of the
national subject amid to public mood
indexes are you buddy ever misses the
technique for working out which policies
would enable their own value publican is
defined as the prevailing from folks in
a minute so what constitutes probably
matters for governmental attention
between government in public wages of
course many leaders of mediation in
which words the narrative frame and
consistently not only who is the public
who comes to be part the public of her
own feeling the citizen feel is supposed
to be or not be in tune to the public
that would this would be or Cudney
citizens might well the nation its
values la liberté all these turns
resented if they were attributes of a
national body should believe somehow
become a nation broad the national body
that if you did love diversity this very
same name is requiring is embody
anniversa t to give their allegiance to
its body because this is what defines us
as a society to belong here to believe
in these things cut the card there and
happiness is a forceful attempt to
preserve patriotic sovereignty as a gift
from the nation of present to overcome
the fear of terror and deviancy and
deplete the will to rage this national
unity embodies a sense of happiness that
is dean is a requirement to distract
from the fear of the other and to
condition camaraderie ahmed three
business can become course of a
political discourse can turn into
tangible things politics and direct it
deters others optimism that that was a
positive love happiness that technique
of distraction was a way of having
speaking to give to the nation away
panic essence of the natural instruction
to misery was a way of pot-smoking see
the signs of rages did not burden the
natural armies where mister she was
killed was alien even the nature
referred to a nothing affected in the
right way
moment of our lending join becomes good
for the nation share in the body the
nation requires you place your hopes
gravities in the right thing and these
actions maintain the Japanese and become
a depletion of will for the other way
patriarchy realizing this promise of
happiness oppression comes happiness
with circulated images of the happy
woman in the kitchen in thankful woman
with lower-paying the happy slave have
additional parts and the other renounce
desiring will become complicit with
death amid three the maturation is what
allows fourth question the woods and
they receive and ask whether what it's
good for that's really good for them to
be good as rosy becoming once
unhappiness associate here Annunciation
of desire being happy is awaiting having
trouble having some of the way of
avoiding I wonder you know where we can
describe happiness with somebody's
convention such as Denis Viet for the
path of happiness is a challenge
convention and our nation then tells us
that we should be happy those two
projective I mean is created by the
nation reviewed as traders as a killjoy
thus the alternatives are critically
interrogate the resolution in favor of
killing the joy of the hegemonic
masculinity and pride within the
institution the K is thus a first step
to incentivize the breaking down of
barriers in and outside of the debate
space almond for if how it is assumed is
good and those were not having become he
kills away
the skills research and the potable
energy spilling and then we've any
happiness desire your agreement we learn
more about emotion kidneys are blocked
the Challenger it's about this I might
be enraged by your happiness my field is
inappropriately needs though too much
and slow take us back and questions at a
space orbiting around certain bodies we
can best restart citizenship is a
technology for deciding whose happiness
comes first and the debate community
places to his finest doctors in a double
wine they're continually degrading it
we're not allowed to discuss these
aren't even experiences of violence in
debates in ours and new their works eat
redeemed is a good form of debate help
concern to space for female leaders
required a complacent reading this
positions up results in feminine
exclusion that's the figure that killed
was uniquely good and debate Eisenberg
12 major six metres punch back position
you trying to order your personal
expands and there are yet large bunny
hunter brother tumour person was read to
your own body surgery different rhetoric
as to what equates are and are you good
choices with weakness starts to reaffirm
hegemonic masculinity cut the card there
and thus the role in the villages to
vote with the debater the best opens
have space for us impressed bodies to
assert her well every reading of the
case was a new moment of happiness in
every RFD decision and refutation that
must be sabotage for liberation home at
five what we read matters article in a
world duel it takes place and when I was
given nother happiness which we speak is
good at having this gets distribute know
so it's coffee anyways to be bad that's
a week till do this is no time to give
me coal new back of us and just week we
recognition of how it feels didn't have
that once you killed right now you the
tax exciting follow me just teaches us
to open your life to make room for him
to make room for possibility for a
chance and to make guarantees fourteen
minutes of validation for women's voices
which allows for the injection of
feminist pedagogy Barton and ninety five
students are super ornate or less lucky
divided own abilities to express their
voices within debate heated methods Ron
too much an aggressive voice and when he
returns to use more authoritative
evidence unless and throw never do we
give them reason to doubt their ability
to speak ensuite for themselves and on
to the affirmative so first on the under
view how it specifically on the 1914
when he's still using this state they
give too much credence to the
institutions the effect of their middle
ground into helping approach bodies
vanishes in thin air but the legal wast
created stay in place only totally
reorienting your existence and
institutions can we ever confront the
walls that are constructed ahmed one the
head of human resources remove the
decision for the minutes but it was
however put back in the minutes pulses
not do anything as a tangible example of
what goes on so often chaining pauses
away to sustain a direction because he's
appointed to do equality and diversity
and working impulses and then do not do
anything an institution of all it's not
a concrete or actual while the world's a
diversity were to speak about our
phantom walls and your head and on the
world policy disappearance was right
there being a paper trail and have a
mercenary work here ends of exhausted
because in federal records the same
thing is still happening through below
them and it's rendered something evident
you can have the institution is if
nothing is there no policy no paper and
on the affirmative proper so
specifically but his value morality and
standard of Max many types of well-being
if we're maximize the inspector Bell
being we can expect impression that
listed it they came to talk about but we
can expect this impression then this
forced complacency was happy to send
with his role the valid about the best
policy option
he still uh he's using some form of
compulsion at least of decay that's Amin
one and you can prefer my roles about it
but when you have a price parties
because one it has pre fiat education
invest round secondly it is more
grassroots activism in third high it
specifically selves because the
affirmative is not seeing the political
by using the state in for any increases
advocacy by having that we can take out
of this round and Mitchell tuning in
2000 he says that Roble shatters apathy
however he still doesn't roleplay
correctly as I asked Timmons yes what he
is defending with the implementation
he's like oh I don't know just check the
solid you have given he isn't even real
playing as policymaker and then on his
advantage one of debt there is a plan
flaw there's uh there's no specification
of what service looks like it is the
building clinics writing advanced giving
back teens this means there is no energy
that the Apple produce a tangible
positive impact we don't know what the
world of the app looks like neither new
policy makers intern telling a fact and
the mandatory service loneliness shaded
they're going in the field medical
service this deters people from going to
the field the service can be avoided by
pursuing a different career so health
and economic benefit to doctors
deployment for everyone and specifically
on his clip evidence it's from box that
is a poll you can't wait to seven
indeterminate online blog this takes up
in here dance altitudes of what I see no
magic to way impacts coming up with the
AC and the evidence is not credible and
when he increases the economy
specifically there's no solvency
providing doctors is not sufficient to
solve health care she's what is Dina's
affordable medicine you have to sense
doctor spoke people in poor community
need medicine that they can't afford
don't let them cleanly provide evidence
that severance pala love I'm fifteen
it's not usual somebody was like 500
different emission drugs for days even
if they could afford the managing the
medicines as a child not taking
medications can lead to unnecessary
complication related to medical
condition with the high pricing books
for inspiration drugs it's not certain
the many American trees or not those
your prescription are taken is directed
to save money meaning that the
affirmative only air as an instance of
air replication is early providing more
doctors on you were met
and onto his under view what's more the
reps it talks about abating impacts of
okay so hmm is the link that I use the
state the link is I mean like I either
you to the use day or like you can make
your one off any form of like compulsory
service believing that week so something
you reveal wine in the car this is
compulsory service yeah this was a pic
it specifically talks about in ahmed one
it's a specific warn of the card it says
the turning away from fear involves a
turning home could even be understood as
compulsory fear mediated by love is
identification with the nation
so the own ice of service in the entire
document instead of five times its sin
at one time in a tag of the critique and
then it said it like on a bunch of the
analytics you made how are these links
specific to the one you see yeah i was
talking about when we have this one is a
warning see that's upholding the nation
believing that we owe something to the
nation so you're talking about
maximizing well i expected will be okay
uh are there any policies that have
helped two women in the past i'm sure
that has happened but that's not what
the uh k is saying this case is saying
that these policies are perpetually
excluded women in excluded minorities by
forcing this happiness that question
that you just asked me it links pretty
hard into ahmed three that is talking
about like when it's asks like why
aren't you just happy why aren't you
just happy with this uh great by
depression why like oh why can't a
policy be simply enough that kind of
links even more into the critique so
it's really criticizing this depletion
of the well depletion of their agency so
I understand that so any endorsement of
the state is a bad idea but are there
instances in which the state can be good
for example was like the right to vote a
good idea yeah like what you're asking
me right now I'm saying is like like
what is part of what is problematic
because you're saying oh we've had good
things shouldn't we just be happy so
what do they go exactly to problem with
the critique what about the affirmative
forecloses the possibility to continue
passing policies that are good for women
it seems to be like we are just helping
as many people as possible we should
keep doing that not that we should stop
after we did it boy yeah well your
standard of like expected well-being
you're saying like we should expec what
well-being we can
and the expected well-being is warranted
in the critique is oppression and this
for sort of complacency without
refreshing meaning that it's probably
networks to vote that didn't answer the
question but that's fine so the
alternative does this foreclose the
possibility of doing the affirmative yes
okay so it's not fair that's good uh how
do how do you like how does a poor women
a poor woman who is like in need of
health care access the alternative and
when people give them money are they
just like that I don't have to
listen to you state and they don't go to
med school uh well like that's not
really what the K is talking about the
casing that like anybody can be a
killjoy
anybody could recognize the state it's
problematic and if this was like a blob
for the nation yeah so how do I be a
killjoy that yeah that's just like
saying like you like trying to kill the
joy of hegemonic masculinity is amin
like you like vote negative you endorse
these practices so the design already
evidence then the affirmative seems to
indicate that the affirmative is a kind
of stance of pessimistic activism for
cie we don't like this data how is that
anything's not example of like
denouncing the possibility of joy coming
for the state but realizing when we
learned about the seat we can enact
these sexist yes that's going to don't
Ahmed one that specifically talks about
how you're giving this credence to them
and you're only going to perpetuate
these abusive practices that happen in
the past
wait
Oh actually before that can you just
delete everything you did every just
like half the cars will cut it is
jumping around like I am in orbit and
market the cars okay
can I just wait until that sent out for
bread yeah
do you have it up
yeah
550 the order is overview the case which
is pink
I'm reading a bunch of analytics and
I'll go ahead and send that out
Oh aren't you good same tired also we
can see I think you said reply only
whoops I'm sorry to the marked version
okay I'd want the marker if that comes
up
[Applause]
there's already one reason why you're
voting affirmative and that is the reps
focused argument at the bottom of the
under there's no lip service is done so
this and that one NZ so don't prioritize
don't let doesn't let any new to in our
argument that's unfair because all the
ways we'd have to respond to admit but
we lead to an hour decides indeed about
three hours bet for x QD no chase to the
death and addiction access to treatment
is key now in three minutes uh between
multiple six group tougher Spurs are
crossing over these prices it makes
mention of sort of two years they counts
one get people off injection which is
empirical work that states like
Massachusetts take so you're above songs
you can potentially because they give
the treatments to the people the first
way so that you know for day and also
means that they build cutting which also
things like your plan for you because
there's an implementation make this
about first let's talk about the framing
to be you safety because we you're from
your first time Nicole education cost my
the rep so those are the extensions
later but this means that you can wait
you're off and to use also think you're
more read crafters have to know about
the alternatives on a post field
implementation of a policy actually it's
only although other this rumors that
I've made in the debate because you
don't have any songs regrets just move
let me see absolutely key for pragmatic
you say you don't see the purple yes you
do see the publicity like no I don't
give a about confirming school I
would somebody get a permutation doesn't
make sure the state does not co-opted in
the world you must have a cup there's no
purpose but now you can see why I like
there's no deterrence for people serving
because I can just serve in other places
which means that Apple lost more people
to serve in other places which like
probably is more stuff it's really on
the plan for even wants to be up so does
the link because you should just assume
the plane my internal Magnus in the song
in two days does it different limitation
makes it across you see my mother Roble
but just because
probably more relates we can learn more
about public policy in the first week
which flips the lengthy no under view
argument in also the Box sub this in the
plan to other qualification I think he
has a graduate degree in choices in
healthcare obviously this is not good
and not applicable you see I'm writing
cameroninsea table vomited it's one
you've gives you that loads of
legalities never because of coops we can
mine emulate the state to table creaking
good policy effective policy that allow
for the liberation movie which we
destroyed the see from this it--which
internal links to suck her chicken out
wage because I've been in means we have
some power in authorities of weight
function e-rep society sent both reps
and there's an implication to focus on
web design because the material folks
are criticizing a because you people
never love a crazy thing material and B
you move this way the reputation because
we get a little baklava have a political
practices for implementation axes in the
last analysis ratio pupils are
critiquing feminist killjoy
and that workers and cheese lady white
observers will be like I don't care
about feminism unless you cannot help a
diplomat the advocacy so little bubble
that's bad especially if I you dudes
mayor on you know the ideology very
single person who critiques me capable
as dozen ninety-three no photo regiment
if somebody sees their preps opposed to
the kept pretty waiver rep still go for
it there's a wonderful felt wooden
soldier we have your world that's all
been to kill such Jews never evaluates
to kills with resistance red juice we're
not open to bit different than this we
you destroy a revolutionary technology
but also the role about to be you can
see that you can read other things about
how the affirmative leaders sexual
social there's now we have a unique
reason doesn't have a proof you have
application for feminism billions of gay
doesn't have a national sir
maybe Sonya specifically for when they
have you think the happens good night
you do although always one friend and
also materiality which one people don't
care about interpretations of reality
the hello one should survive me colleges
and pregnant ask you saw there's a poor
black woman can go to med school of this
that is not I'll show you Toby the
photometer feel free to be one stop
course with the Rex argue to the public
schools rooms Trump is the president man
he's just gonna increase sexism inside
so she's always other there from him we
do the everything turned all the into
the double a new holiday I do the
alternative is wrong disease Salinas
that's when the or another national be
affirmative because there's barely
shrinkable you for me to do the
affirmative the affirmative didn't
instance although rejecting the
resolution no rejecting the senior 13:5
alternative is an instance of choice is
a performative contradiction and you're
looking to yourself because there's no
designation but you want to do in what
does have
permutation to the afternoon alternate
in all other instances and from C to the
all right cute order will be an overview
at the top of the cave then okay and on
the AC starting well should I close the
overview on another sheet of paper or is
it then down the K flow then AC starting
on the hunter view okay alright is
everybody alright first as an overview
the purpose of me reading this case to
use the resolution to kill the joint
both in and out of debate my opponents
attempt to silence the killjoy by asking
why I'm like why we can just use a
policy option because we haven't had the
right book we've had the right to vote
before are any better reason those are
why eisenberg 12 in barnett 95 are
inherently true the discussion of your
fostering this rounding something to
women in debating cannot be silenced
that's the case freak me out
implications on the harms of complacency
but then in the basement of the hey it's
a prerequisite in must come first
voting egg endorses the children's are
suppressed a challenge debating norms
that intrinsically put female subjects
in a done minute the double by then on
the k proper you miss argument oh and
one that it's not specific to national
service however it specifically talks
about the duty of equal meet Willie that
we owe some in your nation know we like
build ourselves behind this compulsory
service towards our nation is very
specific to depending any form of
compulsory service our usual eyes at the
cito
embody that the body says one of the
United fronts we can extend out mid one
and then he says this highway hasn't
moved six minutes of the affirmative he
it doesn't mean he's not able to engage
everyone here it specific answers on in
case in second we've had this debate
before last weekend when he was able to
engage in secondly he's a scenario
pleadings are key however the
affirmative doesn't even really have a
scenario planning because
you know zone context of his own plan he
just said that he's not expected to know
his solvency have to get however he
probably should be thought that he's
planning to articulate as he's saying of
policymakers are key and third he says
no reps over his own raps evidence
warrants that any form of like reps
quote evades questions of agency which
the critique does not do we specifically
talk about agency that's Amanpour that
says that how when we use this day and
we use this form of national towards us
decreasing the will of marginalized
bodies that's decreasing their agency
decreasing their ability to engage mean
that his reps argument doesn't even link
into the critique because it's the
critique is specifically talking about
how agencies current leads mitigated by
the affirmative it doesn't do anything
to stall that mean that you vote my
negative on that argument alone and then
we can extend the advocacy advances we
have to critically internet the
resolution and Tauber Jack this form of
hegemonic masculinity is perpetuated
both in the debate is anything to
institution as a whole and he makes a
firm firm to the all AB and then firm to
the end all however that he cannot prove
one near permanent it is using the state
that warrants and there's a naughty C
the C power technique he said that's a
naughty thing then he's not using to say
off in specific part say that we're
working within the government
rationalities and second the in round
action is a pre Fiat yeah but why we why
we needed why we can't have a policy
option when the right to vote is enough
this means on this in round action is
critical difference how the affirmative
links into the K improves right there
can't be a purpose of the creepy on
discourse levels of the affirmative and
there there are no net benefits to the
perm you doesn't articulate I need to
get the blue be firm in the last pose I
can't have a speech I've heard there's
never a net benefit to doing the
affirmative and then the particular you
can across apply the solvency takeouts
on the affirmative here then we can
specifically extend their all about with
Ahmed sets of talking about opening up
spaces
this is uniquely quien it's from net
preferable to his framing because one it
mitigates oppression because his
maximize the expected well-being the
expected well-being is the oppression
that's more to Dena meant to and second
because it's unique to the debate the
specific round it's talking about how we
have to talk about Oh buddy have a
festival is both in and out around his
just talking how a policy action I
probably won't even happen mean we have
more real-world solvency and then we can
extend Eisenberg twelve this is the most
crucial piece of evidence in the
critique that's talking about the
briefie had operational level of the
critique I think though we have to focus
on projecting these norms of like
nuclear nuclear extinction impact in
there like an advantage of death or debt
or economic collapse these are the good
forms of
I'm an interpreter expected to conform
to you I heard 12 was saying that we
have to talk about personal experiences
that we can't prioritize like body
counts over individual narratives this
is uniquely key as to why the critique
comes first because it's the highest
level of debate because it talks about
how we engage in the debate space first
then on the affirmative proper
specifically on the under view oh if you
could an extent Ahmed won he just said
that legality always yeah exists the
state will always be there then he makes
this argument we can manipulate the
state that is entirely untrue and
problematic and listen to the kayvyun
more he's thing we can manipulate this
day but when he doesn't say how are
supposed to manipulate the state or go
about to mitigate this oppression and to
what do you saying that we can
manipulate this day that is agreeing
that the state is good and he doesn't do
enough line by line on the critique to
prove why the state is the state is
intrinsically good meeting at you prefer
Amin when that's saying that using the
state is just a blanket solution only
perpetuate this oppression in then with
its wealth a96 evidence uh that's the
car that I accept cross applied on the
couch Iike that they talk that talks
about evading the important question of
agency however the critique doesn't do
this because we talked specifically
about agency and then the critique isn't
even passively take a stance that's the
pre Fiat implications of how this
evolved plays out in the debate space
then at the top at the affirmative with
this value of morality and a standard of
maximizing expected well-being we can
extend there a minute may that expected
expertly well-being is expecting
oppression and then he just extends his
role in developing that uh the cross we
find his raps evidence however this reps
evidence is what is entirely problematic
and doesn't even linked into the K
because the K focus is on agency of me
that are giving a bunch and then he said
the alternative doesn't have any post we
have solvency
however we and they alternative has pre
Fiat so can see that that is what are
your going for that's what's most
important in the debate space and then
you can cross way they argued to meet on
the role of outflow in the caging here
then specifically with Mitchell two
thousand he doesn't go for this argument
because he knows he's losing out he is
not role playing he's doing real quietly
shatters apathy louder he stops to his
in a he stood inhibit some stuff from
home playing when he says that he
doesn't even know what the song was he
ideas or he doesn't even know what time
I would form of government will pay the
institutions specifically with his plan
when he says a man who's who an
additional pain to students that extent
the plans law that says he says I'm sure
it's there then we don't have an
effective policy we don't know what will
work meaning that we can just assume
that that for every won't work because
oh they have to play ball that means we
don't really know what they'll do
anything cuz they don't have any sort of
mentation and that proves that he
doesn't meet his until 2000 of
role-playing and specifically on his
advantage one of debt with his de mer
snide evidence we can extend our emails
I made another chilling impact how
increasing doctors won't do anything
because it'll just an indie incentivize
people from go like becoming a doctor on
their own will and then which also like
will turn his own maximizing expected
well-being because that decreases
people's will then on his advantage to
of death here we can extend off their
qualification or you may hear said so
because he's a doctor he's probably
gonna it's still an opinion pulling me
that still an opinion is not based on
facts and he said that they would put an
opioid prices book kill however we can
outweigh with the impacts we have with
the critique before the first of all of
the previous oven see a second because
oppression it always more than like a
economic impact said he talked about
with debt and like this expected
well-being because it always on
magnitude and scope and Tigra because
it's happening right here in the debate
is we have to have these pre card
applications because they have it right
here in the debate space and you can
extend the Li 115 that says the plane
won't even solve so you're going to go a
negative on today's ground with his
first of the pre-op breezy out level at
be able operates on I have 50 second
okay do you order it is whoever you like
a cookie
over being a very short extension last
overview everyone there are two reasons
why you're fighting affirmative 1 you've
still conceded the reps decides at the
bottom of the other two is the one AC
which means you still rejecting to an
argument we can see they conceded that
it crosses the time scooter driving over
new argument sticks on the entirety the
critique was a focus on representation
this battle do the extension there and
also above you just six blindly extend
so many arguments but you actually don't
give any warrants so you should always
their affirmative with specificity
explanation on this week first we'll
move up and cook the other B go to the
interview use your first name is like
your team talks while you just even know
you know three times you see this what
we say is bad that representational
focus on middle of the agency creates
these forms in bags you also see the
cage other benefits of statement no this
is irrelevant to the question be reading
purpose of teaching both the carceral
focus on representation is bad because
it creates a capacity that people agree
with each other some of people who take
idml type missiles wings Allah did not
spend some company which turns the
entire day with readings of Ayane can
happen in future to meet faces which
means a hell of a pragmatic might be
Suzuki was justified the permutation is
other than the last week the last we
always stylist different viewpoint
Scooby always say that representations
are rather than over here today without
waves of which is a killed revolutionary
potential kills actual method this is an
independent reasons of dropping because
it was Corinth of link and probability
of framing to be on the top of the case
you say Eureka but no you can see that
this will lead to co-option because if
you don't engage with the stage that's
able to say we don't care about your
evolution in the affirmative the
alternative will never have means a
pragmatic
madam Speaker I granted pragmatic action
isn't necessarily key as we committed
relations an audience also your
manipulation
as long as we learn you're gonna do it
through role play which is the LM in FM
to control play boys also link turns the
Karthik as we will have good policy in
the future yes state VP bad but they are
move are specific policies that are good
which you can see across six are
examples like the right to vote for a
win in d2l I'm I let you say yeah I'm
not opposed to become it now I know how
you can see the turn that I should learn
more because role models robots that go
do other community service off your
office they can give a subtle you see my
probably know you can see that concur so
they can do it was about implementation
mechanism and all these are just
identity Praetorians nothing to move
i'll go negative on the also see no box
or even know you can see the guy has a
graduate especially here so he knows
what he's talking about
it's gonna be kinda impacts an absolute
cutter of it to you always look up ever
to the limiter that's what you can see
you do that although we give them free
medicine which solves your also because
it it's ten clips inside dog because
let's say the kill certain 50,000
addicted knives the treatment is key
right now it's time 378 is a mobile
states prove doctor swears their coffee
opieop a plank assessor just we need
doctors they do critique the framing
issue on the critique is you can see
that you can't vote on representation
because this is very infinite
representation the world apart which we
will never be able to read this are you
ready a little the reason should not go
negative also but it means you you
should always voted for enough free will
also go for the permutation the material
always would you conceded that we should
practice grounded in reality and a lot
for people who to go to med school and
actually don't become actually hot
because of the IBC you can see that
anymore dude you've heard of the
alternate all their instances of song so
I'm gonna do something says let's go the
alternate dollars all these there's
barely strict ugly so you should do not
vote on the critique all your arguments
against the proof did not apply because
it's very specific and is a double one
double fight
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah
yeah
did Emily that's insane Simmons and
provide points and brought a 17mm finals
the winner of this round on a 2-1 is
Westwood REM
[Applause]
but I know that's weird but yeah I just
found that absent early coherent story
that it was really hard to justify
negative ballot I think just like in the
world where there's kind of waiting like
the app is like this is not yet this is
like a form of pessimistic resistance
and they're kind of waiting the
role-playing origins in terms of like
why like this sort of education is I
think quite convincing specialer was
kind of like in the world of Twitter I
know the impact of me which means that
in a world where they have like you know
argument such as like it we solved for
like you know six hundred thousand
people or you know minorities going with
you like positions where they become
doctors I just think it's part of
leverage like why those wounds are bad
again specifically like why the app
engages in any form of like violent
institution specifically I just think
maybe like the CX this kind of was like
bad optics for example you ask a
question like like didn't you know it
was like good obviously right and then
like you gotta get away with like saying
well you know just like you you let her
get away with like the framing of oh you
know what that means I'm like you know
we're okay
like obviously there's more reforms I
think you should just like stop about
they're like no that's not the question
right and I think you should leverage
that be like look in a world we have a
nice day that the state can be used in
instances of perform good it probably
means that there is no like antagonistic
nature between the state and like people
which means that like even if they have
bread or investiture like state and
abstract theory is that there's not
it'll grow but they don't have any
specific links but let me see I think
that justifies the purpose question what
we're kind of like my
or is this - something spell up anything
doesn't solve for anything in the world
where you can have this perhaps decide I
think maybe the to a are there is
definitely a world with its way way more
efficient on a couple of things thank
you everyone
start with extending the impacts are the
the app go into quite a little college
the framing of like what there's not yet
at Minsky's in the context the the
sermon is and consent it is no just
going around its became they like look
what they don't have any links here
really be pretty sure for reducing they
will resolve all like that sits of the
elsewhere that makes a better story I
think maybe the two interactive probably
I think even the one and see go
something beyond just like the state
link so a more coherent and being some
point would be I think impacting it Alec
more in explaining why a new Christian
some probably turns of the south
yeah so I also diverted on the
permutation double line argument so
there are three origins but firm the
first is like the abuses of the state
dislikes and naughty stuff I don't think
that you're definitively winning such a
pessimistic claim about the state being
always bad but this is what been strong
enough the age of a party like if that
was correct about their advantage
scenario then I don't understand like
why necessarily the states bad absence
another explanation here the second or
the third argument is no definite if it
to the fair but I just think they know
that if it is just back advantage so the
second argument is the one that I had to
sit on for a while is this sort of like
previa comes first and I this is where I
like sad and thought about this for a
while because it's like how does this or
reps focus care about materiality
interact with this life care about
pretty Fiat stuff and I'm just inclined
to think that in a world where a you
don't a specific response to perm that
will by being able to solve at least
some of your previa offense and a world
in which like you've not really
contested the validity of materiality be
important just like some assertions
about creepy on stuff mattering I'm
inclined to say that at least
materiality matters somewhat and in most
of these debates I'm just going to tend
to lean towards the perhaps and sort of
like more straw Arkansas terminal by
doesn't solvent so that was like this
short version but mostly just like
thought about the per for like 10
minutes and was trying to see what the
luncheonette apartments I could test -
be a superb but since it again we're
explicitly change
yeah I stopped a long time honestly and
thought about like all the different
layers that are going on in this round
and it was really kind of up in the air
for either side for me I ended up voting
a negative after I looked at these reps
cards that you're reading at the bottom
of your argument as well as your initial
evidence I think that's a negative has
better access to your mental evident you
do the evidence says the portion of your
evidence that's talking about scholars
have the task of steering mandatory and
critical pedagogy by opening discursive
spaces for students to explore their
identities as public actors simulated
public arguments for on occasions versa
to embrace emerge effects their
political identities I don't think that
that leaves the negative out of it I
don't think that what the negative is
doing is an anti clinical I don't think
it's not political right just because it
is not part of the state thing so I'm
kind of like you know in the way that
it's weird because like that I had to
deal with like this framing issue and
like yeah the framing argument is what
got really weird for me I did policy for
nine years I'm still trying to wrap my
head around what you guys are talking
about now so yeah I ended up voting
negative on the risk is a link on that
not it's not necessarily the
representation stuff cuz I did read
through the representation stuff and I
think your Tuesday loved it and I'm
wondering what constitutes
representation at practices why is the
affirmative not included in those
representational practices like what is
representation so I end up being like
you know when you talk about people
dying your affirmative right
so I don't know for me it's a sign of
everything became a big pile and I had
to kind of sort through a lot of servers
so I just ended up thinking that reading
through the evidence I had to depart so
I mean really yeah
I voted negative on a risk of a link and
I think that they access the framing
better I don't know I agree with yours
and audio evidence like get it but it's
like just because you can doesn't mean
it would be a possibility it might sound
like a huge pass I judge like 13 rounds
this tournament