yeah cool
[Music]
[Music]
it's for comparison watch is keeping
coincidence traffic social 9 i person
becomes for me works in your purse
emergence below three potential watching
store the public castle for my wiener is
my my products in the prior that the
agent is more training than another
notch and powered shoes don't come it's
even in absence of active campaigns been
showing these in this column is somehow
person after saying to reverse a trailer
just have they removed which has grill
also cover the way under people first of
all the calories from dejeuner people
have what's their ability to either
[Music]
[Music]
things like razor which we say screw the
next we have a scenario hubristic this
is cuckoo my house crystallize
information enhance breaker of score
perception katana a series of operations
arrays perceive features in the present
creation scavo's release anything has
been no changes of course assuming it's
actually perception rate across all
right at the top of the three points
what is this definition of democracy
what do you mean was this definition of
democracy yes right don't worry mean his
done if you say in a democracy something
ought to happen and that necessitates a
democracy which is a community of people
that calls you go
and create decisions by electing you in
the first okay so it's only a
justification for your framework it's
like an agent spec justification but
absent the standard is this a reason to
like without any other like framework in
there are you asking if it's a hobby
already yes no only offers do you defend
federal judges or staged the affirmative
could happen we say in the United States
someone ought to happen we do not
specify a like person that does say but
we will spend if you want
okay what's the longed-for prefer on
semantical in terms the worm prefer
Alphonse mythical in terms is that
there's always a bi-directional T for
example you can be chose like you must
implement you can't influent which means
that there's semantics offenses
basically because there's semantical
offens going both ways which means that
we should just admit there's also
pragmatic offense on by direction how
you under those semantic interpretations
which move X so mean I mean if we're
winning independent pragmatic offense is
that sufficient to like negate on a
shelf because there's an independent
voter hundred you can't implement it
there are you making is that because
there are arguments for both debaters we
can vote on T it's not there are
arguments for both debaters rather it's
that there is the existence of
bidirectional topicality which means
that you can't both on to you alright is
there anything in the affirmative
framework there could trigger
permissibility no okay so in the one AR
or the two AR you are not going to stand
up and say because of an argument that I
made like even like we cannot buy like
buy into action uh like I can go for you
can't apply an action but I'm not going
to go for that Reuters permissibility
like there are other implications before
that besides permissibility like I will
say I'm not going for for some time from
this ability
on the like five points to prefer yeah
okay so your standard of consistency
within agonistic democracy how do we
determine if our accidents are
consistent with an agonistic democracy
by weighing them under the standard yeah
so what does that look like so for
example we would say like if you help
increase agonism by breaking down
something like a minute on partisanship
which are having court specifically
indicates so it's on the consequences of
our actions on the argument is that here
is a political structure the best the
person that best like structures this
political structure is the one that
should win is know about the consequence
of create a structure rather is about
how that structure of firms or the gates
under the framework okay so then how do
we determine who is best like
structuring that structure alright okay
so it's like this if I have a blueprint
and I say this blueprint is the standard
then whoever means a standard would be
the one that constructs of building most
close to blueprints it's not like it is
your building like consequential or
which is about constructing a building
costed
[Music]
all right 302 left so it will be four
out this I send the doc tell me when you
guys are ready
everybody good
yeah
zero risk of marianna any non universal
norm tell someone's ability to be an
Indian on universal learning that
universalizability act as a second to
remember all other families here and I
need not want to
[Music]
does not respect other scents in this
Hilton I universalizability was in mind
only about looking so much do you - so I
got someone to violate your freedom
silence getting to the bitch I'll be
results in a contradiction one point
apology to the party our country teacher
in Concepcion since their actions is not
making up there says that ends in the
self coming in 1412 all to be created
it's going to be a billion
psychologically on post in this
operation the other
[Music]
because obviously if you're creating
domestic that is not promoting a
democracy and pretend the one who does
the peoc it's two speeches that are to
go for the theory Shelly on is your
psychology think about always we can
neutralize that theory they're beating
the to re good and be back to the
structural to you against a negative be
plenty of things that there's always
going to be uncontested is who AR office
that you okay then you come on
affirmative on I cannot make a new
arguments in a three or not because I
didn't have only me that they're always
going to money time to thirty six seven
times you go on the Shelley gets a
negative much closer you against the
neck hair off my friend Esther nice it
encourages little while I don't wanna
hear the tuner and Deborah to where they
collapse it here which is a beverage
toughen of Education something the magic
you can always be there because we can
apply to the real world where ii think
about convenience does imply to the
world on case hydrogen throwing you say
I think first with an obligation to the
other causes the best ISIL manages this
because they didn't have an obligation
to not violate on the agents we demand
this is the correct then it is emizner
related with another since i reconcile
the difference between age and on the
five reasons one on the double-entry to
self-determine was good in a circular
argument which argumentation pursues
agency in freedom is about that we
referee records into the ability to
argue against approving on the
contingent nature are you not very
recent in a jury doesn't exist and be
corrected in any action on everybody
life argue about life is valuable
because he died interaction we have
another protector her freedom are for
everybody to understand why didn't have
any impact on exclusion or even how to
order the long haired assault we
determine whether or not you should
begin acting through whether or not at
least categorical okay no cause we're
all of it all of the no RBIs does look
using this out with this out with all
their arguments because i think of
literally cinema and redefine the theory
to be in the two hours goodnight get rid
of any ability for the negatives on the
show okay so you you read the first one
we did everything anything after that
correct so you brought across it by no
obvious but you didn't read anything
else yeah on tribalism i didn't read the
to a car and for offense
oh it's sorry can you go back to
tribalism wente went to issue a pardon
the the first part
you just want me to send a new dog ya
missin it before after
all right is just crossed Oh
okay lacrosse yeah okay you indicate
that judge psychology matters what like
why do you took why does judge
psychology matter yeah so like you get
to stand up and give the last speech and
like say exactly like what the judge
wants to hear and say like the right
arguments that are persuasive okay why
can't you also do that too in Arkansas
ring they have a six minute or until
context twice bill as well yes so the
argument is you get to speak last you
get to speak after I do lasting
impression on the justices the toys are
not able to make new arguments in the
two-way all right yeah one hour through
yourself like a judges are usually
pretty lenient when evaluating I'm like
what are you into you can making the
two-hour be like the two air gets to do
new weighing between arguments which
will always mean that the affirmative
can just win on the shelf you say six
seven times in the show why can't you
leverage things like the tea and like
coming up NC means that you get 13 times
you say sometimes you want to show like
human cantilevers he oftens against the
show like Samantha comes first or
something like that that's just a reason
that so I like other arguments interact
with the shell that's not a reason why
you should give one a our theory you say
that violations of privacy are a
contradiction a deception why is that
why is like me saying that someone has
to disclose their information
necessarily mean that I just don't see
them as a human being it yeah so the
argument is that like if you you can a
conceivable world in which you forced
someone else to disclose their
information and
schools like their autonomy and like
basically like give up their autonomy to
consent to like what you are telling
them to do
I'd say that's a I see okay okay is
research prints and education because it
just seems to say that research Mars on
draw and well which means that we both
have like pretty simple arguments so
that we both getting education the
argument is that when you expect these
two types of information you could like
literally to speck this and like
infinitely prep your app whereas I have
to prep like a ton of different
permutations of app but like an infinite
number of combinations of it okay we
handed to see yeah why there's an
awesome failing theory cause infinite
abuse you say baiting go to spearing
prepping out Justice Anthony abuse why
this beating he reaches by in any abuse
yes so you could literally read whatever
you want and as long as you stand up and
you read your pre-written counter inter
for three minutes how is that to
infinite abuse because you have the
ability to literally read whatever you
want and like have infinite abuse if you
have a pre-written counter in traffic in
narcotic
okay sorry prep now
[Music]
does the impacts do consequences matter
under car you like yes you say Const and
then you say tribalism causes
consequences I'm asking does it cost
what this matter really oh the dis head
is often sunder your that's what I've
got
[Music]
25 watt or is going to be new off or
sorry you are T
mommy said you get up to Cuvier sure
okay
I don't think rats write the intro
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
cross apply their own limits or give me
that for now next they say an ecstasy or
by the aura is not that usual for me to
be some tapas
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you see fix behave in a Maxima you are
body-wise by pressing X on Y river view
[Music]
on the under B you have kill you you can
say that we are you also can see that
they only the Nuggets every CPU the way
that as a participant abu ghazi a visa
or here comes a technique averaged about
this always these are the structural
skewer verifiable
they're always provider or
our guys are only had sub same arguments
[Music]
he needs points to be the turns on case
what do you mean which turns on case
that every it's every single part but
the last one what are you talking about
what was saying the wedding of our dog
[Music]
the fourth off a Sheltie I spend the
extent the argument over tap loading
earth you know what the first point in
it I think everybody gets to speeches
and the people never do that that there
will always be uncontested to wear off
it we are opposite that means that
they've can see the wing here comes
before everything else because because
you know because you can always head
back might be some react to this help
but but I literally cannot die I do not
have ever even I do not have three is
hard to be able to respond to the show
when they do a new Wang in the to air if
you hear any new Wang or any new
argument doesn't why you should vote on
the shell that's where this is just a
little piece you should evaluate this
does it take out to their new office and
now on the new off they've considered it
to the babes together they considered
that the wing are they on the new
two-way are leaves you a new to our way
in the hotel ways because there is no
way for me to answer this which means
will recheck the channel now my counter
introduced a negative maybe to tell the
didn't I see apathy from the Army I
didn't I the opposite one air here the
affirmative justifies book of the I
didn't is justifies access to both of
these in there under view this tells all
the all the often because you literally
justify getting access to both of these
in the under view and uses cross behind
the paradigm this means that the gun did
the only view checks back home all of
the abuse because it because you have
the ability this cross apply arguments
when the abbot the nepeta vendors
critical thing you have to think on your
feet and they've learned how to allocate
your time because I you bigger schools
are only gonna have more prep force them
to think on their feet before sin to
actual about giving actual arguments in
Rome is now on the interpretation I me
Titan returns on case you can check the
doctors I read a dis and the content
sanity so if you could find a single
turn on case then maybe I maybe I told
me the interpreter would literally no it
turns out case many I meet the enemy the
interpretation pervert EXO / / / text /
spirit because spirit is not our Bible
you can just if the interpretation and
because it that so that I don't meet
this help in your next abuse and I know
a way oh and also spirit is not very
best version not very popular ask you
are you know that this is not unique you
can do everybody can go for a lot of
arguments as well I you can go and you
can open one you you can go papads you
can go for orphans on the contents you
can go bro you can go for an impactor
another decide you could go pretty
center to the under view you could go
for an army away from the ow all of
these arguments are things that you
could have gone for many maybe the day
your perimeter has many reasons about as
well yeah we meet the show counter in
terms of you extend the interpretation
the affirmative you must not even
obviously the parametric senses it's a
revolution every day that resolution to
clarify the affirmative do it or must
not specify which can is probably off is
the plain effects and deals and the type
of impervious into the opposition's you
can accept them I literally
judicial mechanism I political
affiliation murder we're gonna go you
can extend this but let me say this
specifying Kenda tell us for millions of
permutations of a high e you could be
use of literally any different I you can
these and these are in government
position in combine it with any small
piece of information we knew that I
would never be a little probably you say
you have make it an impact her but this
is just a cost application of their pics
argument from their standard which we
will argue over to ill answer on this
and then you can okay you can extend it
you can extend it you can extend the
reciprocity you can extend the Sepoy
today the same pilot that's the point
the reciprocity return provides the
Knickerbocker key that are prevalent
between an infinite number of after were
there but one of the where's the one is
he can always know the money see can
always destroy the wanna see with a ton
of front lines because they've had
infinite prep center front line there
have days in front letting generic
solves all of the office the argument
the argument is that you can either a
8.1 this doesn't solve you can also
frontline generics meetings and you can
also write response it's written it's
too generic meaning they even if I
frontline generics you can sell write
responses they take out my phone
wonder if it's a question of norm
setting you justify reading in that
permit if then I can have literally no
links you like some things that you
already have perhaps how many I mean
this is that this is terrible program
isn't it I see you against the negative
this the impact and this is research
written so the trouble computers have
equal access to the ballot and have your
evil ability to do proper you can
extensible under every bit of activities
organized particular valuation and I
always other button on the
irreversibility was we always can I eat
education from other arrests but we will
never going to get a level playing field
of health care you can you send off the
debater the abuse has already heard in
my time allocated achieved also a felony
the whole affirmative just my service
use my cell you can extend the competing
intercept which leads to a race to the
top for the best possible norm you can
accept no RBIs we're gonna go with a
bathing trust begins at the Delta just
bathe you're coming on there they will
always be able to win their round
because it Joseph I symphony reviews
they can literally do whatever they
wanted to know and I and know in the
money see as long as they're pre-written
counters are good to me the negative
would always was around they said the
one air cannot go for everything and
there's no possibility to check back
however our busy you can just go for the
theory you can just wrap up my
interpretation and go for a route to
develop that I'm trying to win it all so
it's a it's not a question of whether or
not you can go for everything is
important ok of whether or not you have
a you have a better ability to go for
the shelter the nagas because even
literally just at your counter pizza
literally literally literally
empirically proven they were rewritten
come addition to the cell they say no
too many cells to check back on how are
you literally less common tell that you
could probably also you had a
pre-written counter that you can provide
some shells you can extend baiting out
way though there's no ways because they
have been always everything else because
nobody would be really in the world of
the affirmative because that I in the
water the RBI because we would never be
able to another shell me from it would
be in it every time on the counter
integrity am introducing the car is the
interpretation this is Inco here there
is no
the covers of the interpretation would
necessitate transferring out the nouns
and the verbs in the sense which is not
a logical statement so you cannot vote
on this kind of interpretation because
it is incoherent they said there would
only be only one half power there could
be multiple human advantages on the
absolute all you have to do is write a
specific advantage and tell me why not
always even if there is only one half my
still King gets myself your price can
you say this always limit they can
always reach generics I forgot the app
can read your notes as well in the upper
bound are generic so if I buddy answer
to our generic possibly that argument or
earlier they don't say picks harmony all
you have to say point usually I think I
have two good reasons why do for a
minute is better than the pick it's not
that hard to make arguments fby just
give a link to a branch of arguments
that's why there's no reason like why
changing the affirmative one tiny bit is
better than doing the affirmative you
can just give that link to parental
argument I don't know they prove you can
answer pick baiting outweighs every
other argument for why they should get
an RBI we meet the one a our shell they
don't get an RBI counter and turf does
not make any sense it's a question of
the abuse story because they've conceded
competing interpretations we win an
abuse story mode negative on the shell
because they do not have a competing
interest that is going here
what's the argument for spirit overtaxed
spirit is non verifiable we can never
like Maracaibo you actually met by your
spirit the the implication of this is
that you can like literally just shift
the interpretation in your next speech
so that I never meet the intern
[Music]
where's going to be all of you
okay no you don't even literally makes
no sense the first one since you say but
the right is that you're still able to
link all of your nudge they aren't used
to it then we cope you notice that you
prepped out for four years ago get
specific answer this question what you
can lead to be from there's no Afghan
not read
which means so extend the lumen Serapis
there are millions of permutations of
ass but you can see you down you can see
the ape without limits are still able to
prep our trophies on your stubs again
you Boston see the impacts are always at
Geneva without you prefer being you you
be forcibly generous it could be those
puppies are can always just otherwise
you will provide you can really clearly
apply the generics or even here because
yeah you and you can see weighing on the
territory which indicates that you get
four years that's always going to be
halfway by two months you're aware of
this is that doesn't solve because I
could be things that you don't link to
but yeah but the only way is that like
every single after has to either my
defense from short stay action or some
sort of non-state action they're always
bi-directional shows they're always like
bi-directional case which means that you
always be able to read some sort of
generic or specific AC which is better
for you it which is
for you and it also means that it also
means that the affirm you get to specify
which means that we get to have baron
Bates
it's very coolers about no 30-odd
matters but you know if there's your
office matters and even if I don't show
[Music]
lexicon interpretation was just commerce
right
yesican checkpoints is working if you
like wanna preserve
probably never was I was safe dad you
feel like I said something else but not
sure I think that's a counter in turn
confers I can spare
[Music]
[Applause]
it doesn't matter ultimately I see this
research urgent argument it's called
reciprocity but it's research burdens
getting extended in the one is the
doesn't eat it in the two-way I'm not
seeing an explicit response anywhere
perhaps I'm seeing some generic good /
bad on both sides but I really struggle
to understand number one and how to
weigh this generics against this prep
burden thing number two how to attack
this generics thing at all you're like
generics are good or focusing on I
barely know what the argument is you get
the prep it seems much more defensive by
nature it also seems if the argument was
made it's not but it's something
it's 90 people to query generics exist
it's just a question of the other
offense throughout right I think there's
an issue here with you this is an issue
even though it doesn't come a decision
calculus question in the next that any
impact I'm seeing seems more education
based in Paradiso that there's not an
education rotor I'm not so much a
stickler for this but it's like who does
it all going but when I do have any
fairness argument with a voter they're
active and clear any other speech it's
really hard to give this generic stuff
credence to eat final thing I think I
have to say is that you should have
spent three minutes on fixed bad and you
did in my okay because it is genuine
offense you've got a fairness claim it
was barely developed and then you're
just like pigs are hard and then
basically move on right and I thought
that was a big big big I can't stay on
your party other big mistake is so much
time on RBI and yeah I just I think I
don't have the least time whenever viz
also applies to the negative
you do have a genuine diamond here think
I buy it you can made it so much easier
so site know the Converse stuff is like
troll whoa I almost heard anything on it
I decided not to but it is correct
because it's the switching of the
subject and the predicate so it's like
yeah like app may not do it like why and
some of the Congress is just like why I
may not do at which is obviously but
whatever I did I agree with everything
Luka said like the all the like generics
good something I thought was included in
factoring but like what was it actually
was was nothing more than defensive in
my mind over eliminating it was like a
good argument in the yr and literally
just the words we're limiting with that
we have kind of count for that either
thanks dad as I grew of Lucas like
that's viable to a are it's hard it's
not like a coherent argument against
like JM ever became a that was just like
devious way you're half against two and
like base or sauces not something the
trainer was perfect either like it's
unclear as to like you know how to
resolve a lot of the attacks on Lucas
mansion ladies some of them seem to be
floating like being from education some
of them not like the way that you
explicitly deal with like the generics
good bad inactivate it's like a little
bit muddled and like the way that the
over lemony verses under gets played out
like should be in favor the negative
because the to write these makes the
push we're just like advantages solved
there under limiting claim but our sorry
solve their over limiting claim but
under limiting is uniquely that finding
like even those like sort of general or
weighing issues like weighing organist
helps figure out how to think about the
impacts in the impactor don't even get
developed and that just leaves it way
too much up to the judges try filling in
but I won't agree it's maybe a little
simpler dream I don't think the
kitchen makes sense I don't think it's
logic no you're not you're not doing the
Congress like your kind of
interpretation it isn't the color looks
like it it's like it's like and and
that's literally all you say no when
they are like you know so much that I
had to take oh is he saying the word
coppers anyway you know and so I think
that way obviously the way you were
explaining like like the functionality
the kind of interpretation like basic
order but you know like as far as like
you know on the on the standards
layer I'm having I think the same
problem that Lawrence's and some extent
with like with the generics argument I
don't know that I hear in the 2ar
that the impact turn on generics means
we can have like more discussion I mean
depending on what's your idea of what
constitutes a discussion like I don't
know if it's more like I don't know if
reading like you know big top engineers
for four years constitutes more
discussions I think it certainly doesn't
constitute better discussions and so I
mean I probably I'm probably erring negs
like you know like does it make sense
like you know it doesn't make sense to
you
yeah like I'm hearing hang on the
generics argument
[Music]
