okay okay everyone ready
oh yeah
everyone did
the advantage is warming subsea CV
pleaded shirt or III eternally steer
subtracted at all 1770 taxis know your
price emissions purging infinitely high
destiny sharp give you government
support they substantially impact us
emissions external 773 three they'd
probably be seventy million girls boy
that's expected cook until 2010 three
missions equip said a reading program
they're also a problem he said to use to
understand us a 20 oz vision Parliament
will be TC it's the best study area
centered seventeen unpleasant answer of
our city through the Apocrypha but if
you cease making climate changes leader
any reduction of emissions is necessary
immense stopping Walsall thank you tell
us a week over when it gets worse over
time makes a cutie more more so we do
plus every day to recess you company if
you steal everything minute
organizations or rescues near the media
to be chefs I think better than three
points under your being permit are also
the last five years from 24th warming
causes xdq norm x MP more me an
acidified because X is in Taurus
criteria universe this you can put
through by protein which Purvis 140
because eccentricities
renewables the investment solar energy
production and illumination rushers in
the era of carbon conscience are in 1830
and probably both no sector try to
attract new sub C plus newcomer over
some ideas working in a powerful subject
now absolutely when expecting a
particular other pot so many be things
pretty much across units
recent emissions evoke a certain
technical development plus we detect
refreshments on the part musically build
agreed upon the corporate have a small
surprise walking through the rocky
composition but the occurrence of
renewables is an element occur
transition coal access well so who has
evaluation without solving for me give
her the boy dangerous when we get
mislead the best are meeting I said also
he was currently a very short film the
valley postures across the pond delivers
Levin so I get more 20 $35 and a tremor
policy but it's a technique more
attractive people stop any friends
applause they may be a lot of trading
falls out so you have without any policy
camera would situate by ignoring Paris
transit for time to use to help investor
I please support this possible assets
renewals are fees won't solve for me the
birds eat heaps indigenous useful
deselected use for application for money
crystals were firmly super nibble
supposed to start in the winter tries to
address the problem is for charity foods
your he taunted per typically to assign
you a lesser incredible for a more
easily parts used in a medical well you
told progress or run the new president
I'm a pretty well you slow climb a tree
conflict flashpoints skip tamale except
for now framer at the standards
maximizing special well-being purses
actress best as the parents of us I
think these are policy benefits on the
department there's only known are truly
a part of this by holding the most
amount of people actually specificity
company in 10 different ethical Apogee
obligation says Mac 40 when the decision
involves more other me she's happy
consider of our life seem a that's worth
miss advantageous policy decide were
sent to one we do let's run of these
here to be resources rich for I think
just lost at sea
the interpolation question should fax
myself or possibly their soul eternal
two utilities - phenomenally
introspection questions technically
reliable store hormones communicate
represent from reality to every gender
class religion some principality known
observational ways I think that your
seconds you value have me speaking dish
from them each value adjusting sir hello
it's you unless we meet there shouldn't
having his thirty station highways under
any favorite parking service and is
putting the whole beautiful 23 get
serviced understand or even if the well
being this possible game world acquit
serious your birthday electricity camels
are different they were percent for will
be matters promoters answer is the most
important thing hold on the eastern
attorney should try to disable world for
the notes have four stages takes to
defeat foresee a consequence he comes
apart for deliberation which makes it
interesting to our actions it's mean to
that tended to have it fit was both
prerequisite warming precludes the
ability from relaxer typically act on
other with you since they're the
consultative prices that inhibits idea
war condition for other through suppose
which means my often stern always
hundred their beverage six philosophical
abstraction rationalize that the status
quo treads affected
mobilization its recent the korean creak
employee he possesses how do you keep in
the attachment block especially in the
end up like lisa price as full-fledged
very closely may not reach definitely
who many people where you can see each
other's polish people occasionally flexi
and a black recent punches main problem
units are words kind of getting recent
problems pregnant alternatives all their
competition idea where guys did that
that's blocking your kids every
specialty store somewhere different t
bodies cry series in a few minutes it
gave me throws but the whole community
functions little bit of me sure can take
a your way we lose revenue neutral
recent sorry doesn't i'm not too many
medical transition but the laws will say
it for you later oppression is
normatively guide Nixon's people who
promote ovaries makes them victims of
violence under anti-tax matter you're
hurt or be academic presentation
rejected seven or check how can it
safely empirically night with individual
supposed to be this period effective
cost-benefit analysis when he teaming
assistants are only Caribbean so better
they're not I think it open with you
either personally
everyone knows they're stupid see the
afternoon fade away from the talking the
actual clothes off the vehicle Bible
education ain't nothing that I've
triggered for some permissibility but
they should have even this people in our
state is there something that -
offensive head to gets to see from the
two o'clock so that they came through
the apples new pursuit which would be
when you've taken socialist Nepal said
tell you may miss Rexy but we did unless
you have it's the contrary super to me
Saints are also puffed we can't operate
in campus any here Depot triggers Hills
Subdivision for someone a research you
should punish them for making the bait
about that you can widowed evaluate
perception permissibility always up
wonders that risk of offense and true
testing makes it real to constrain
discuss everything about this that's
approaches plane Auburn starting 15 talk
73 seconds resharper talking
otherworldly adventure life at useful
for about just I suppose we Jesse's have
no value Nelson way to make the governor
organ trade rules and community to
encourage us I propose the permanent
negative are gamers are plenty
experienced attorneys condition danger
to these market excuse me
how's the churning yeah that's
substantiative further by the harvey
evidence basically what happens is in
the status quo that sort of valuation
that investors place on fossil fuels is
vastly over what it should actually be
because it doesn't take into account the
fact that like wait before 2035 the
world is going to shift to renewables
because like the world will kind of be
forced to realize that all some tools
are unsustainable and offenses and
technology will make them not cost power
when they fossil fuels not competitive
anymore which means that there'd be all
these investments in fossil fuels that
would suddenly just like completely
crash really yeah Mississippians are
vindicates renewables so so the app
offenses rely on a transition areas I
think even if we like transition
renewables is inevitabie f speeds up
that transition so I don't like kind of
like if you win like the app doesn't
nothing to change also to production yes
test case at your home
no there's only one test case your
evidence even talks about that isn't
religion philosophy assumption said last
line or the last paragraph that you
highlighted
I've not does not specify date I don't
know it can you explain the test case
that your evidence is reference I'm not
a lot of test cases but I'd like you to
presumably yes oh so like people were
like suing and saying that the federal
government isn't taking necessary action
by maintaining subsidies what can you
explain this scenario the test is like
what she I don't know like exactly who's
between okay um but like our admitting
case that there have been suits good
mother the status quo which proves that
the point is the uTorrent you say into
the attorney it's like if I'm like some
Laura if I can foresee the constant
action how do you think it's likely that
the government is doing to kill your
family
I mean
we didn't care about both existential
impacts in our community set our
extinction impact causes immense amounts
of Corcovado which is another who's
making the card okay
Oh
everybody anyone not ready then
typically meets did not the true that
this is to occasion first note you've
received make their mortgages might
receive you might not be the ones
throughout the group second principle is
this we're different since we're all you
know what until its directory you have
enough never enough religion to super
movies now sense what they submitted
yourself into all these surprises on
connect an awesome the world costly also
do is propose appears or order that but
only particulars view that they said
answers complexity are not materials
gets misread Yeltsin can suffice you
know there's evil in their original
earth actually record or statement is
rather illogical - tautological
homogeneous in Brussels the disorders
exploration will never fix that 30
century good to kiss before consent
agenda go we should exercise drives
arresting you for each other sidekick
insight you it's where does apply to
your particular fantasies down the
seniors in value extraordinary I'm
leading adaptability nephew Democratic
global problems that knowledge of the
world comes from an involvement in
constantly searching across people
fossils with only may only come from
anything query that's how to accept them
also depend on the NCAA that just a
moment there's monumental moment there's
intelligent general the pressure mode
you know the goodwill the perilous and
media visit we need you know we have to
keep turning I wanted news report
concerns mmm no Jimmy I methods one day
by super to news Lawson down as much
with a pretty matter of a permutation we
want to miss find it girls no truth
image tool but it's up to the NGO
children on their part of the virtual
younger even if because urgent that's
inside you should be treated as a
pollutant fix princes it just want
artifacts all right specifically about
those mutants are more secure than
situation that if you're taking for the
pretty some that know the significance
to music aromatic particular team or
there's it's not clutches you do it's
important to do the structure Milosh
maps which include the a preferred rules
cannot secure that I don't have
occasional finding new numbers can use
the Persian internment you see the
sequence two forces and you might think
the next on there is eight or ten day
starting from uh suppose you do try to
swing that what do you mean but all
images find by several is built on
message there's evidence in front news
and hydrogen emotion to happen if the
resident can occupy the different
surfaces as proven by the gator problem
next looking for a second cancer can be
deleted in a certain location halted
matter max another recent live from the
court if imitated in as possible afters
really stirs up Rome Ciampino
my Master's distracted cause we're going
back to the quarterbacks please
readiness of closet may be wrong you
might even have good evidence of
rightness in the cosmos growing
something none of these we would say
Baxter's birthright is sometimes a
package guess is a classic unit because
America Maxwell harder to believe that
hasn't unjust I believe in it does not
add knowledge down the gate first
elimination the North ended rehearsing
to refer make transition paraphernalia
so there is housing for low-income
households are dead unfortunate and if
you present utility her trip to meet
there go the Chris pollone company I
start off saying sure whatever
particular significant including where's
prayin illness any maybes fibrous
bronchitis Evan the hunger strike and
stress the second is the Ephram you get
today do not eat a blanket even in wrote
a will see wholesale initiative on
school subject which is not consist with
a particular specific circumstance that
might dictate otherwise next off since
that surprise information that people
are both working on jurisdictions cortex
but apples do you do violations by
person-to-person take an implicit
function to do it in Rome a fridge in
Shapiro telephone cord and insult on
trees around close traditions in super
formula for me illegal and injured in
the raw form content aside people whole
Citrus Bowl before political branches
and aside any standard cadet will
typically the groom the job making the
apartment termination world Carla
resided warming is a phenomena
motherhood and the extent of which is
man-made were the country city intensity
global weather in Serbia's it's not just
it if this will permit protects person
decisions about how much did you sure as
never have to facility brought policy
questions right though or the time that
political parties that interview cancer
in the petitioners simply decided be bad
at be key to values across global corn
each it necessary to solve our machine
definitely turns you have to are Ken
probably the fiendish regard recreated
shell overall American edible seed
assessment of course repeat five-minute
car versus a bunch of you can do
solutions for climate problems it for
our legislation religious action we're
call a technical change of brake system
is an expression of common law presumes
low-pressure such attempt agendas I
thought that Curt solution than even the
effective operation let's in retreat
routine by our concern me as I do about
the merge one person sent me from the
EEO of the important a limitation that
note that no piggy who has monitors
found that didn't and then the conscious
of everyone saw suffer next up just that
again this price a reference renewables
are probably twenty countries over the
mobile office and Mozilla Nietzsche
tradition
Kristen Schaal Just Energy Mathilda
metals or country sir there's so much
content they control hood they pleaded
to risk of multiple forms of hundreds of
on to do with we can do compare
competition globalization of Jersey
chrome to the diversity produces six
percent for both an increase in debate
there are Arctic Ocean SSDs would
further into a cyclic but contain metal
of exploration could register the
Clinton for salvation has they don't see
money fancies was open to reach its of
control the seabed sensible initiative
sovereigns council would aggravate each
article dressing for our sweet nuclear
correct between the researchers you
involve our country the fight for
research we do the in false articles
your country and China brushes are
believe using the military presence of
other states are the states are doing
the same different procedures into that
any confrontations are sweets crisps
nuclear needle interest in the article
to do summer in Canada on the other side
project under every go to help countries
an interest in the art dangers in the
argument considers you in the art
occasionally someone to the Persian Gulf
or booth SCS are all of your flowers are
a nuclear powers of major people these
organ notes or analyzes cut the arm
cookies lenses the affronted the frame
or the perimeter cover I have you
different model the kids need exports of
the mattress butter where you teach into
some you should be the particular team
also his aberration a creationist
president comes to every important
disparity to be able to do just as
people doesn't approve my night that we
don't text me when you were sober other
pop pop taxes you in the tax rates and
etc based on what do individuals
particular individuals particular
circumstances are they give up
they'll give different the phenomena and
what he was just because I do not mean I
knew if I can do it these are masters
industries where people think lies are
four main thirds that it just as I like
I like the ice cream doesn't mean I want
to maximize they say extinction
comforting this with my super I think
this interesting comments to make them
the interim insured mental monitors even
for example we option penis around the
something to sayers maximize oxygen seda
Japanese assume such area somebody zoom
scepter comes with coaster design it it
started for example haven't give me yet
so uh wools are any clue the certainty
would mean which would mean it would
necessarily be good to see impressions I
don't know the firmly different was that
we should keep my midsection area these
would make sense with all sorts of
course nobody impacts matter more this
is reject healthy nice nota question if
your friend may actually make sense if
it's on it's on the image there
determines do not use that because news
about the purpose you not use them
they're just season to accessorize for
me children's I'm never go for such a
person the different remit I want in the
first possibility bargains have waited
if they're if the decision to resume
substances Hannaford which means if I
want to siphon intoxicated what comforts
me but do admit to something said to the
course the properties of course
metropolis it claims that we only
believe your name is right but if you
said your name is Ted people would
probably assume that your name is not
teach which is what your speech access
which means I do not believe you
registered see what is that does not run
whispering risk of orphans if there's
ternal defense missing from that means
you should represent you do there's no
other reason there's other words of risk
that something something is something is
worth we just appear clear now I'm
pretty sure that's why happens a policy
debate I consumption clothes I do have
the advantage
no fair trade emissions is I 18 removing
some seed only small effects of KCG
should ruble you see my twenty thirty
very poorly one point four to five
percent lower than seventy know that
that removes prostitution more missions
will break ground identify global energy
members such an office where you believe
sweets is changed she would reset a few
minutes such as you feel some nibbles
that pop up numerous pair of beers may
possibly project never upset for its
open and puzzling subpoena because
heading the effectiveness apartment
feels like spend half these people okay
you blend possible into the private X
right there who are you I told us these
subs you've reached a new person to say
confirms the castle difference unable to
just three if you're doing this hebrews
me included information passing
financials transit facility existing
markets and government government
feelers that hard you said that hurts
our organs there are we talking that's
basically how the reasons why we would
shift every shift your animals it's
question of whether or not we would be
able to entirely sure fuels which is
what the friend if they let me sit at
this all think we decide what works
first meeting their funerals as I think
we did was a Santi we think we are you
to plug what has actually create
something more than the wait what is
this are not now we didn't read I'm
gonna be the the paradox that Blas put
that last forever when the I think gonna
be the bro company because most
understandable sperm where if u s--
listen Harold import less real issues
might have a birthday it was until 30
homers weekend weather if it's cool if I
go over all parties as you turn you
tomorrow but if you need more accurate
information there's even more clutter
you need expert intervene provision
eventually be two degree Arakanese it's
easy these are strikes just write out
your own did listen to racially
volunteer zealous useful is going to be
the more information about carries the
less diesels gonna be helping someone
who maybe understand every any single
thing we lose the affirmative stuff to
get you know in apparently five degrees
doesn't solve it's a personal I wouldn't
stop
yeah the NC how do we determine whether
something is particularly sure so I
think the argument like thank you like
blankets what determines like like is
like if I say slavery is always bad we
are pragmatic is party experimentation
which we need to experiment with slavery
so like I guess how do we know that like
as an objective is probably primary
prevention engagement so something that
prevents your ability to engage
experimentation should be prevented
i well the argument is like if it denies
access to the idea of experimentation
the art of evidence were also so why
does it warming deny access to the ideas
sure so i think you would make that
right meant the questions will not be
athletes as principal you can make turn
c and c himself the ask is good for
experimentation the questions is the a
particularly I'm giving good future so I
guess your how do we determine how about
let me finish sure your often linked to
a favorite justification that does not
mean you're often solutions afraid
there's a decision so I guess why like
if the app is like slavery man what like
why would a guy sitting on the gate why
not so like if you prove one reason why
subsidies are good that's officially in
the gate of whether or not like the
orientation is good how do you determine
like one constant along a statement yeah
hi joggers like that but like as a
framework for evaluating different
actions ie if the plan was like get rid
of like this one coal lease in like the
middle of Antarctica that'd be a
particular no stadium problem how do we
know how do we determine what's a
particular first a specific cause an
effect of like what the app is and like
what needs salt this is like a blanket
ban necessarily ignore a certain
particular our agree when it comes to
subsidies what particular it is is be
sure like the transition
for example I went eliminating in the
transition so does that mean it's not
particularly I don't know how many
people live in you so it's based on how
many people it affects no I don't point
blank there's just like zero people in
yards to my knowledge right and
literally no authority or whatever
Nebraska like there's some Authority I'm
sorry Nebraska's not state uh Kansas Oh
test sorry California you're like are
you just gonna like troll us all right
so like assuming it's not in the Arctic
and it's somewhere where there are
people in like for example like affects
people in California and probably not
pretty close
uh the peak adidas head what current
initiatives solve warming that like any
PPD stops the arguments like it turned
and makes it actively Boris it's not a
question whether or not I stopped the
money sees how does the 1/2 make it
worse or like what's the lake nor it
like I guess like what specific actions
are taken that worsen warming sure so
the tribe ten of the evidence is like no
the charges Evan says putting a Supreme
Court precedent means that a stunts
Congress's ability to pass legislation
that actually creates a clue it's actual
climate change the judiciary's only jobs
to determine what the law says but the
Congress passes a bills in accordance
with those laws right that is what like
motivates government to act or like free
lunches like initiatives they're sub
Supreme Court ruling that over this
process entities performance
no that's fine
uh does anything in that what these
sounds like the pair Roxanna at the end
is anything else for your presumption
there's nothing there's like no like
that other like I get that like what
does that mean
so I can I know that like if I'm like
have my fists throw it forward at you
that it's not gonna hit you
I don't know that so how do we know that
we would so how do we know that passing
the app causes a transition like
problems how do we know the transition
period or how do you know the app cause
the transition period if you don't know
like anything that's gonna happen in the
future how does it not unite your ass
because I'm gonna justify that judgment
being particular to nature right if you
concede that there's no things you
really like there's some still needs
like if you don't know what the
consequence of the app bar to
unintuitive pass a blanket statement
grant to be like no literally
so like do we know like if I if like I
sleep someone that that's not bad
because we can't use the costume from
the future
I know the organist thing we actually
pivots I was always bad it's not these
on what happened
1:32 up
case in the order of advantage than
framework the PT betta said the argument
is had
doc what's up chasing the order of
advantage Kramer what the dis had your
money on
all right every good
again case in the order of it vintage
framework I peek at you you said are you
they said good sub sees artificially
raising class rules keep the clinic old
oil industries to play the planets
possible profitability potential instead
the decarbonize Norman klas 62 by
velocity educational resource it more
there is a a seventh doesn't assume it's
brewed shift to renewables which
parlance is better on they concede are
the best honey bee seekers into specific
subdued specific or partner or specific
refineries for a severance is more
general injustice you marginal projects
which is couplet are care centric
evidence even keeps it with the majority
subsea appear toward its no barriers by
the people salt transportation dude
that's perfect each team a key keeping
up with Bobby's Americas and achievable
the paradox is about computer science it
doesn't fly the bird so maybe someone
predict considers that we mean nobody's
need a perfect model in the you Tula
today it's charting try for dripping
ball the wood disk utility which means
we can still stop when it's reasonable
to make a prediction that who favorite
Kate Austen the proper evidence know at
philosopher would say that thanks T of
high risk of extinction comes it
outweighs whatever who tiny fills up
only fact that their favorite has death
proves that intrusions a sort of come
prior their arguments don't apply it's
not in the context of posture and
whether it's an ethical modesty Clint
that if there's any risk of future
variations in any words that their
well-being matters that so many and so
many people could exist in the future
and anybody start walking the primitive
in cruise that there's not an ethical
certainty which it could be why should
privatize extinction none of their other
arguments apply because we're good for
that descent
these evidences like nine years old
arguments proves that there are cases
that are being ruled on in the status
quo by courts which disrespected the
linking risky and worst case comes to
the point solves the impact their
evidence are just like Congress would he
be able apostles in the future but
there's no reason
with me to pass laws and if you
forgiving food that we've won solvency
that Tiffany verbal insults for new
assaults the already empty set
renewables are and ever would they
consider which me to the tippy set we're
having the devil which means movie sold
me a pack you consult which was the
party ends from yeah REM money does it
cause motivation cell to misunderstand
economics Esther loopy she make a mess
before too long didn't read a nuclear
winter impacts over warming outweighs
these only accidentally PNC practices it
doesn't make sense for states P states
have passed laws that aren't ever taking
in substitute even amount of exceptions
no laws per be fifty Cent decide which
ones are bought bounds better over
towards typing the overall cost and
benefits anything else catalyzes
actually which was our extra specificity
weren't some agents are bad I you
shouldn't jump off a building even if
it's life-affirming only microprocessor
convinced MX won't be they don't cure
secretly swimming what Casa de val
expiry which is proven by cs4 they like
zero explanation just talk in circles
about why specific things like slavery
can be universal no more my specific
plan can be but if it's true that all
the in they need to do is prove that one
tiny thing is wrong with you fruit then
no proposal that when material improve
lies would ever get past meets there's
always some small flaw or the puzzlers
some person that is heard IU policies
that would stop recent her people
in the KKK which proves that they're
firmer doesn't really make sense the
only result that is by new defects but I
think well because by maximizing won't
being there further it's also self
defeating all Universal czar baddest
it's summer so Sigma causes infinite
regress a new paradigm here and and
paralyzes action that my mental
emulators that like rules can secure
their one application stuff we can
somebody's know the critic consequences
also itself on the case in intuitions
are able to resolve this the fact that
they may pretty confessor transition
period preset there's at some extent
your to me for use by the future the
world even if you can't determine for
some mathematical reason that rules can
determine their own application there's
no bright line in the closet of their
contentions because do you think you
have D is the transition period is solid
by renewables which was over a photonic
icky
a slight transition period extinction
mats with Yahweh's another favorite
piece includes a possibility for any
form of experimentation in the future
which answers their link at which
answers to which answers their blanket
statement arguments sayings are some
universal record I read the other sexual
assaults always bad news he's possibly
general students like the Avenue
well nice hasn't cost benefits less to
determine whether or not the apps to go
to Universal if you don't understand why
how we determine what a particular
scheme is after the one it's the word
for word exactly matters underneath
therefore you should impress these two
very congratulations doesn't solve
neighborhood obviously couldn't explain
any of this stuff in TX but we should
sort of use your intuition to air
affirmative also expel to extend the
notice or tech to teach or also extend
the philosophical abstraction or even
their memory using any form of
particular to say that politician means
as we were just fine on abolishing if
you could sleep babies the possibility
of it causing backlash for particular
situation which that the rebel uv/image
Cruces an abstraction do away from
material parts like one
first felt like evidence in the f-type
cruiser cases that are being ruled on in
the status quo thumps it second is
there's no impact your argument in CS
was just like it prevents Congress from
passing policies in the future this all
forming but if the apps all forming
there's no need for this other policies
[Music]
on the opposite the primary advantage
Rick's language in second disadvantage
which means I'm not gonna collapse a
disadvantage those tears are sorry this
is climate change is the kind of person
you should quarter decide to be neutral
parties in the government said the first
piece to finish never have an incident
that they said the efforts the major
decision by the environment is on
trusted in it and put by the debate what
are you now in the case is currently
decide with them you should be therapist
a never said that courtesan continuously
putting off really on this issues which
preserves what proof does don't see the
what proves Alito pleaser they decide
even if every eventually comes the
question of what does it is ed where
does the test is happening you need to
be there Evans there evidences not say
when the disadvantage at or whether but
when the case comes comes or with me to
dinner at risk of office at risk about
stopping your honor stop impossible to
stop you won't be okay right now he says
something is that since many there's
still time for some sort of some sort of
some sort of congressional critical
action they all three misses they do a
pretty sure to nutrition to your goals
which also about the commissioner Medina
how we did she renewable policies I've
been away for four people ship
renewables to be given engage engage
engage in their policies that requires a
correct congressional oversight up sense
or even course what's a personal should
course be ruling on this thing in the
first miserable decisive decisive inches
but we do a lot of new effective actions
that I can do effective actions possible
they're also not winning the war maybe
other solvent which I'll get you do uh
which is even if there would be some
sort of marginal expression what if they
do what they put up in the future would
outweigh Center she convinced that when
you get above even is nobody in our
media decide what do you earn their
whiteness I read about what there's
stuff maybe it's some form of leverage
into the future action that they
necessarily shut off which is why which
is the reason why you should read Nick
in all extend all say that is that is
that this adventures proper that for
circuit that Shapiro said the impression
he split course on yeah and the jury is
not injured a Stein is your sickness and
the impact is that crushes vocal cord
nation weirdness all time she's not even
important about you 9600 local climate
change entirely bothers my point by the
emissions United Kingdom it's question
of what cake itself a blow which I would
also end up in here with some scrap it's
a question of what she mean quit for the
entirety of where the threats were meant
for been swarming all three successive
to each other generally not
and the shift is also harnessing accent
but not global which we do chemically
they said the affirmative invented the
problem from this register start with my
evidence without actually but in the end
it's yoga should be that is I evidence
it says quote removing phosphate such as
would only have a small effect on co2
emissions and renewable energy usage
which shows that there's no shift your
needles for the 70 other the Reagan
advantages is not high enough and
effective the global energy to make
movies such a rule would not boost or
new believe says literally in the
evidence two tricks just exchanged
sending evidence and not know do any not
do any evidence compares any back refer
by MIDI ports on the easter
internationally to bromide systems
muslim the most alive with emotion i
think you can teacher what's up sees me
objected me but he said that he did not
give any qualification than what you're
just kind of shattered sensitive i saw
for Nemo's i promise that it's not
suffering that is not sufficient working
secrets from science either which is
probably do I did coca-cola curse if you
were to actually skip that session and
I'm for that um then the other piece I
was checking for the ritual every city
make an agreement why we should go by
myself but again read the NC I mean just
sites whether for you or anyone if you
use it in terms of in terms of cars as
one in particular is implement in heaven
talks about how you view significant
burns make households and ferns unable I
don't adjust that behavior these prayers
may include information capacity your
financial concerns which is not just
about renewables not just my - we change
the rest is just straight up losing on
the Elantra people teach she's not above
every swears there's solvency pressing
the wider did not respond to these are
you said we're not really rapid enough
ain't on the certain sample they say the
software five degrees according to you
can suffer freezer burn use barely
someone you bit smooth you can see the
bruises on sermon which operates this
often cite other words missing me back
sir then so he put those here when we
actually not much the story 84 officials
on Jerry are weakened during the fridge
deferment their frame it to me properly
make to eat said to Aramis verses each
members too many considerations use the
instrumental impact naughty not
interested in wrong just because I need
to be allowed to educate leaders does
not mean I started around from being a
lie but similarly we need option to be
in debate that's not in the first series
max noxious all these religions consider
our department makes our it makes you
suffer and what are at orientation the
first it should be they say also to
question legitimizing recent the warrior
did not extend a structural bonds
amendment said literally said warming
comes attention in a way so uh would you
be the case out with imagine that ready
does not mean sex where do you know
great Richie that you're good for these
armies one maturity intimately
particulars amazing but surely visit
said the committee in just repeat since
which means I don't know which me the
only only d- m I didn't ever hope to
sauce it or not meat is very good in
this issue which means no uh yeah I'm
gonna switch to point out ok can you get
the order history basically was Italy
going to see the are consistent the
worldís consoles let me give you talking
about desert creature object I did you
tell your pain or pleasure would you
something this is a false also some pro
oh wait I just know starting cereal can
see under you to blow that there's
nothing this Peter person with me there
usually it's all this sauce they should
be able to cover this area if we do not
know what pain is a pain isn't it will
subject for example that are good it
would no no we're pledging swears I can
only interested mics means internal
deeper is in targeted in theory there
must be comprehensive how do I know
Jetta sighs pleasure of payment that or
those sergeants are not just fighting
it's an award for those everyone for the
you chose art there which means uber
like it phenomenal selection are no the
entire world is not reliable independent
they can see the get here from Whoopi's
escape everything appeared will destroy
it says a if max legs is taste our dues
across and gives their turf I didn't
even though he thought didn't cause it
does not means we don't use a people
word similarly if I continue past eight
o'clock and I see its s12 and every time
I think I'm walking into at twelve
o'clock would actual the clock is broken
which is economic verify any
circumcision empirical or conceded by
Rex we did know about a new area chores
threats when the world is your virtue
isn't the firm excite the senses remit
particulars of different to what
particular concerns that they have to
deny the truth of the internal
resolution if I'm gonna single instance
where but we should not wish another
hair from the resolution and that means
any consistent pretty losses that would
mean you get neither community they see
there's there's there's no important
example each other examples every
question yeah there's all these
assignments because I would deniability
engaging experiments which we said if I
questioned they also say I'm creating
universal statement saying that no
bother each statement itself should be
particular which is a five point from
universal look it's a first objective
see their starting point news about
these for the hard evidence they are
finally on yeah so like here I'll
britannians you able to think there are
lots of like random as argument on the
line blend you to weigh those cringing
like organs with eighty million co2
searching the world and even if all
their defense and authorities are right
you can see that my model hijacks
there's it's a question of even if you
tell Addison is true even I
rentapen clean in Hazzard because it's
unfortunate what do we do after that the
thing is we need to inquire to
understand and experience the world
which requires particularism because
each experience is necessarily different
Santa's office movie 8 the more isn't
the same of mine actually wonderful
revolution permissibly immediate that
they have an obligation to get here
problem proves that we can oh cool I get
belonging here for world which means
only my favorite consistent also just
losing the computer babe and there's
solvency deficit on yeah or eternal
defense yeah which means
we'd say the app only cause of 5%
reduction in emissions right yeah they
said five no I was recording your own
eminence that says there's a 5% oh I
said that it's not what happens by one
lifetime the diversity out there it is
so like I guess your evidence says that
Durbin says one to five right
we're like how much does the FDP seven
to five thirty years Cody your evidence
like how much does he owe yeah yeah by
2030 would be one to five percent
i case decide and see her extra story
after they just had to link a framer
is everybody good it'll be the overtime
advantage just head after her and see
good vikrum rubles transition is in
devil even if you have doesn't speed it
up all the way it's still sweet set up a
little bit of five to first one to five
percent production emissions is still
huge that global warming is the biggest
impact in this to be in the Navy zero
vectors for solving which get to any
person if there were any defense on the
distant that means any of the cases able
to outweigh the concedes warmest on a
sliding scale which was the wall sell
whilst evidence which was extended into
war-era P is every increase in emissions
increases the sort of lingering effects
it and drastically increases the risk of
it's too cute from a boring which means
the FS token even if we don't
facilitated completely the chips
renewables independently their evidence
is just straight of wrong they've
continued our evidence in the way C's
comparatively better our studies the
best ODBC goes into specific oil well
sing concludes that 50% of one fraction
would not be profitable whereas their
Vince doesn't do assume that that sub
C's kind of returns marginal cases in
which the proper fuels wouldn't be
profitable whereas it assumes that it
just goes to one second survive
regardless which means our methanol she
was better which was a comparison
document in the winner if they did none
of this way into the tuner and the one
to see which means we obviously get
anyway in the Tara's realm it leads me
so who the degrees weren't worried by
five percent that a good cars in ship
unwilling to ship stuff doesn't do
making sense we saw a review does that
we make moves cost competitive and even
if we don't it's so decreases
consumption of false abuse these they'd
be more expensive which still decreases
warming it up the ruse doesn't have the
framing issues there's zero impact on
what they decide does what policies are
Congress going to pass what little
coordination is occurring in this apps
code that the US the u.s. is talking
their evidence it from 2010 which means
they do it doesn't it doesn't say
anything there show eternal impacted
there's no uniqueness for abuse warming
is occurring in the status quo none of
those global measures working in to the
extent that they do us eliminating some
C's who would solve it that explanation
the plan its reverse the plan stalls
when we're said usually decreases you've
no idea how much it decreases as a
result that they're nebulous impact it's
like cosmic clocks and global
cooperation he said the case definitely
outweighs the congressional oversight
stuff was noon the tuner and obviously
Supreme Court passes something that
moved sort of consequence of that would
still be Congress enforcing it their
evidence comes nowhere close to saying
just because the courts bullets on the
needs cars can enforce it says that
Congress wouldn't be able to pass
policies not hated that they can't
enforce Supreme Court rulings which
means it doesn't
monix the affirmative in a risk decay
still at wait speeds there's zero impact
to this to set the framework we do know
what we don't need to know exactly what
Tina pressures this was a pollutant what
is he dude that was blown up yes for
some people are American kids but slight
seven activities don't just read that
warming is bad and causing mass amounts
of something that entity obviously
relies on certain things to be good at
certain things be bad which means even
if we lose the pain of pleasure baby
still Koopman that the NT will collapse
back into class closer than which means
it still matters the empirical world is
reliable they conceded intuitions that
way and we can so reasonably determine
that so can I have in the futures
there's no mood reason we need to sort
of use it as a clock every time it's
specifically in the context of
pragmatism pragmatism would say that we
should use stuff that from inquiry we
can determine can work in that sort of a
reliable way of making decisions which
mean this ring is internal demons
through risky case which always I'm not
going for the Itsuki outweigh stuff but
the ANSI simply just didn't have an
answer to how many determine when a
particular instances if it's true that a
single instance means unit they
continued to repugnant these would
justify slavery because over not
abolishing slavery because obviously
some people would be like there'd be
massive backlash I think could actually
harm some people removed like KKK
members which proves that they're
perfect doesn't make any sense and the
only way that the government can ever be
able to make decisions is goodbye it
sort of way between different forms of
review the consequences in determining
that the cave and determine that warming
is massively bigger than a few people
not having an energy for a little bit of
time they conceded that intuitions to
sort of frame this which takes out all
of their arrangements and cruises if
they're herders repugnant he can't get
action in the case
